## 4.4 Physical Viewpoint Definition

### 4.4.1 Abstract
The physical view focuses on the deployment of the software system onto the hardware infrastructure. This view is concerned with the mapping of software components to the physical computing resources, such as servers, networks, and devices.

### 4.4.2 Stakeholders and Their Concerns Addressed

- **System Engineers**: Addresses concerns about seamless integration with existing development and testing tools and processes.
- **Simulation Engineers**: Addresses concerns about accurate interface and control of the HIL simulation environment, as well as configuration and maintenance of HIL hardware and software components for testing.
- **Test Engineers**: Verify the system's behavior and performance in the target deployment environment.

### 4.4.3 Elements, Relations, Properties, and Constraints
The elements in this viewpoint are physical nodes, deployment artifacts, communication links, and
containment relations.
- **Nodes**: Representing processing resources such as servers, workstations, devices, etc. that
software artifacts are deployed to.
- **Artifacts**: Representing the deployable software units of the system such as executable files,
libraries, configuration files, etc.
- **Communication Links**: Representing physical or logical connections between nodes over which
artifacts interact, such as network connections, API calls, etc.
- **Containment Relations**: Representing the allocation of artifacts to nodes, i.e. which artifacts are
deployed to which nodes.
- **Interfaces**: Representing touch points between artifacts on a node through which they interact,
such as API interfaces, database connections, etc.

### 4.4.4 Language(s) to Model/Represent Conforming Views
Deployment Diagram style using Unified Modeling Language (UML).

### 4.4.5 Applicable Evaluation/Analysis Techniques and Consistency/Completeness Criteria
Views should be checked for consistency between specified and actual hardware capacities. Network
bandwidths and latencies should be validated. Placement of artifacts and overall system performance can
be modeled and simulated.